## C. Notificaiton of claims

In consideration of the payment of the premium, and reliance upon the statements in the proposal form, any supplementary information and the provisions of this policy, we agree to indemnify you subject to any Legal Liability incurred by you and in respect of claims covered under this policy which you neither intended nor reasonably should have expected arising as a result of your Scheduled Insured Services, Provided that:
* (i). Unless previously or otherwise agreed by us., it is a Condition Precedent that in the event of an accident or occurrence which could give rise to a claim under this policy, you shall as soon as possible, but in any event within a maximum of 30 days after becoming aware of the incident, give notice thereof to us., or our named claims representative, together with all known details, documents, correspondence and other relevant information necessary for us to be able to fully assess the merits of the issue. Every letter, Fax, e-mail, notice, writ, summons and process relating thereto shall be notified or forwarded to us, or our appointed claims representative immediately on receipt. The specific reporting procedures for seepage and pollution as described in paragraph (21) of the Exclusion clause of Section 8 remain paramount.
* (iii). No admission of liability, or offer, promise, payment or indemnity shall be made or given by, or on your behalf prior to or after notification of claim to us, without our written consent.
* (iv). In the event that the above conditions are not respected or adhered to, we will be entitled to assess at our discretion as to whether such notification should still be accepted or not and whether the Insurance has been triggered and to what extent you may be indemnified.
